Changed: Updated Traefik's confuration documentation (#39)
discord-tickets/docs: docs/self-hosting/updating.md

Reviewer: Ok, but
1. use code blocks (3x \`) instead of inline code
2. remove the spaces before colons (`:`)

## Docker

If you are running the container using docker-compose file, run the following commands : 
`docker pull eartharoid/discord-tickets:4.0`
Once pull is done, simply run : 
`docker-compose up -d --force-recreate`
to recreate the docker container with the latest image.

> Alternatively, you can use Watchtower to run automatic upgrades, but keep in mind that using the `latest` tag can break your bot if a major update (Example : v5.0) is released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use [Watchtower](https://containrrr.dev/watchtower/) to do this automatically when an update is released, **Do not use the `latest` tag when automating updates** as major updates will break the bot.
```
